hi I'm AJ I'm 39 years old and I suffer
from Parkinson's disease I was diagnosed
four years ago when I was thin five and
I've since undergone deep brain
stimulation surgery this is a procedure
whereby two probes dropped deep into my
brain and hooked up via a wire down
meaning to a pacemaker in my chest this
provides a steady stream of electricity
to my brain and per second so there's a
major effect on my life and and a major
effect on my family's life which is the
main thing and today I'd like to show
you what happens when I check my neuro
stimulator off now it's just after 11:00
a.m. so it's time that I hit my second
dose of medication for the morning
and so my Facebook dose is pretty much
all but one off so this is a good
example of what I'd be like I might be
sort of off off with no medication in my
system and no power to show you the
dramatic effect I will demonstrate this
is me with the power on
I'm not making happy little faces for
the video these are tests that the
neurologists make us do to test our
reflexes as you can see they're wiggling
making 5 and I've got very good movement
and this is the remote control and this
chicks a time on on and okay and this is
me watching enough
you won't really read that it's checking
too much so it's almost an instantaneous
reaction I can't control this
it shook some quality cocktails with the
right the left just looks like the
writer wave my voice is gone it's harder
for me to keep he get words out and
speak completely rigid and if I try to
stand up at fall if anyone thinks I'm
faking this I'm not I can't control the
trimmers in dyskinesia the twisting and
when he has called dystonia and there's
really quite uncomfortable so as you can
see the trimmers getting much worse and
I've been quite a bit of discomfort and
a better job the remote control which
every fungus I'm gonna turn myself back
on so I think Patti timers over and
almost automatically the power comes
back on
I'm Stevie so if anyone's considering
genies I thoroughly recommend it it has
life changing thanks